hi movie express here today i am going
to explain you a movie called jailbait
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the movie starts with anna she was
playing a guitar then her stepfather
enters her room he starts to sexually
abuse her
anna kicks him to save herself then he
crashes with a sharp thing his neck
starts bleeding very much and he dies
after some time
police arrests anna next day she was
taken to the court there anna tells that
she was trying to defend herself
because her stepfather was trying to
rape her anna's mother was also present
at the court she says against anna that
robert was a good person and whatever
anna is saying is a lie so court decides
to lock anna in the prison for four
years
there all the prisoners were divided
into two groups white group and black
group white group's leader name was
corey and the black group's leader name
was joey the name of the jailer was
frank and he tells all the rules to the
prisoners anna was kept with a girl
named jenny in the prison jenny didn't
speak much and she stays alone most of
the time but when she sees anna she was
attracted towards her
next day when all the prisoners were
taken to the compound
corey who is the leader of the white
group asks anna to join her group but
anna refuses her corey says it will not
work like that you don't know anything
about the prison you have to choose a
group otherwise you can't stay here for
long time
anna says i don't want anybody's help i
just want to live alone after anna's
refusal corey fells anger on anna
she thinks that anna has insulted her by
not listening afterwards corey beats
anna with the girls of her team
when anna comes to jenny jenny kisses
her on the pretext of showing sympathy
due to which even anna is unable to
control herself and gets intimate with
her
joey's eyes were also towards anna and
she starts quarreling with her now anna
had understand that she can't survive
here without a group and she joins
corey's group to take revenge with anna
corey provoked anna to fight with joey
corey was recording all of that and the
police arrives after some time they make
anna naked and send her into an empty
room
next day frank says to her that if you
want to get out from there you have to
make physical relationship with me
anna agrees to him and frank take
advantage of her after that anna comes
to jenny
jenny gives her drug and makes physical
relation with her next day when joey
comes to take revenge with anna corey's
group also appears there and a fight
begins between two groups
again frank blames anna for that and by
blackmailing her he again makes physical
relationship with her
anna comes back and blames jenny for
that jenny says stay far from me at the
same time anna mistakenly cuts jenny's
lips and when guards comes to check all
the prisoners they find the jenny's
wounded lips and again takes anna to
frank
but this time frank doesn't do anything
to her because anna ruins his mode by
saying that he rapes her
but before letting anna go
he says whatever is happening within us
is not called rape
if you want to know what rape is i can
send you to a place where you will find
out listening to frank's word anna fels
angry
then she comes to corey and ask her for
drugs corey says to her that you should
buy it yourself from now on
i can't give you every time anna takes
corey words in wrong way then she says i
want to live alone i don't want to live
with you guys listening to anna corey
feels bad then she kicks anna from her
group
she goes to a group where she can always
take drugs anna says to them i also want
an injection after taking the injection
she gets drunk seeing anna like that
corey feels worried about her she goes
to anna and tries to convince her but
anna doesn't listen to corey now the
black group girls find out that anna is
no more in cory's group
then they take advantage of it and beat
anna badly
after that anna starts to take more
drugs than before and one day when anna
comes to take drugs corey informs the
officers about it
when anna sees the officer she starts to
scream
and tries to run from there
frank feels angry he makes her nude and
keeps her in that cold room for many
days
anna feels irritated and tries to commit
suicide
anna was kept in the jail's hospital
there were many patients who were
suffering due to taking drugs
seeing them anna understands that she is
doing a big mistake by taking drugs she
decides to avoid drugs then she meets
with her mom her mom says that i have
done a big mistake please forgive me i
shouldn't have told lie to the court
now she wants to take anna out of the
jail after meeting her mother she
returns to the jail and frank calls her
in his office
and he asks her about her health
condition anna says whatever you want
you can do with my body
but you need to keep me safe from other
prisoners listening to anna's word he
says i will think about it
when anna comes back corey finds out
that anna has teamed up with frank
felling anger she cuts anna's face after
that anna understands that no one is
going to help her
then she goes to the nurse and says all
the bad things happening with her
nurse says to anna that she will help
her her sister husband work for the
governor so you don't need to be scared
from frank anymore anna feels motivated
that she will get justice but frank
listens anna and the nurse talking
through the cctv and kills the nurse by
the help of a prisoner then he rapes
anna again
one day when anna was on her cell she
gets a letter it was written that she
has to go to the court for her bail
after some days
anna decides that when officers will
come to the prison at the time of the
bail she will tell everything that frank
has done to her
then she goes to corey and asks her
phone frank calls anna again she was
recording everything
and when officer comes anna showed the
clip of frank to them after that frank
gets arrested and officers say sorry to
anna because she had to suffer a lot
due to her courage they approve her bail
and the movie ends
[Music]
you